The commands and events in
this class provide Logical
Link Control and Adaptation
Protocol (L2CAP) credit-based
 logical channels.

An L2CAP credit-based logical
channel is a logical link
identified by a channel
identifier in the assigned
name space 0x40-0x7F for LE-U
logical links (the @p cid
parameter in the commands and
events of this API class).
These channels use a
credit-based flow control
mechanism. The credit can be
configured at the channel
opening and later dynamically
 updated on the channel.

The Simplified
Protocol/Service Multiplexer
(SPSM) of a channel specifies
the protocol or services the
channel implements. It can be
a value for a fixed service
assigned by the Bluetooth SIG
or a dynamically-allocated
value and used with services
defined in the GATT Server.
The dynamically-assigned
value may be used to support
multiple implementations of a
particular protocol. See the
Bluetooth core specification
for more details. The
application specifies the
SPSM value in a channel open
request in the @p spsm
parameter of the @ref
sl_bt_l2cap_open_le_channel
 command.

Each of the local and peer
channel endpoints must
specify the maximum Service
Data Unit (SDU) size (the
'MTU' field of the L2CAP
packets in the Bluetooth Core
specification) that it can
receive on the channel. The
application specifies the
maximum Service Data Unit
size (the @p max_sdu
parameter in commands and
events) of the local channel
 endpoint.

